Make revocation_endpoint support optional in line with RFC 8414 (#83)
AMWA-TV/nmos-authorization: docs/2.0. APIs.md

    using the authorization code grant, as defined by [RFC 6749][RFC-6749].
*   The `token_endpoint`, for example at **/token** - Used for requesting a token when using any of the chosen grant
    types, as defined by [RFC 6749][RFC-6749].

> *   The `revocation_endpoint`, for example at **/revoke** - Used as the revocation endpoint for revoking currently
>     active access tokens or refresh tokens, as defined by [RFC 7009][RFC-7009].

Reviewer: In order to keep the list of the Authorization Endpoints in one place, I suggest keeping these lines and the reference for RFC 7009 here, but modifying like so:

```suggestion
*   When included in the [Server Metadata](#server-metadata-endpoint), the `revocation_endpoint`, for example at **/revoke** - Used as the revocation endpoint for revoking currently
    active access tokens or refresh tokens, as defined by [RFC 7009][RFC-7009].
```
